6.0.0 MVU upgrade docs update (#946)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/admin/deploy/kubernetes/index.mdx

- Check the `Site Admin > Updates` page to determine [upgrade readiness](/admin/updates/#upgrade-readiness).

**Step 2:**

> > <Callout type="warning">The Kuberentes Helm deployment type does not support MVU from Sourcegraph `v5.9.45` versions and earlier to Sourcegraph `v6.0.0`. Admins seeking to upgrade to Sourcegraph `v6.0.0` should upgrade to `v5.10.3940` or `v5.11.6271` then use the standard upgrade procedure to get to `v6.0.0`. This is because migrator v6.0.0 will no longer connect to Postgres 12 databases. For more info see our [PostgreSQL upgrade docs](/admin/postgres#requirements).</Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <Callout type="warning">The Kubernetes Helm deployment type does not support MVU from Sourcegraph `v5.9.45` versions and earlier to Sourcegraph `v6.0.0`. Admins seeking to upgrade to Sourcegraph `v6.0.0` should upgrade to `v5.10.3940` or `v5.11.6271` and then use the standard upgrade procedure to get to `v6.0.0`. This is because migrator v6.0.0 will no longer connect to Postgres 12 databases. For more info see our [PostgreSQL upgrade docs](/admin/postgres#requirements).</Callout>
```

- Check the `Site Admin > Updates` page to determine [upgrade readiness](/admin/updates/#upgrade-readiness).

**Step 2:**

> > **⚠️ Attention:** If your database is still running Postgres 12, upgrade your database to Postgres 16 in this step. For our built-in databases offerings, this can be accomplished by starting the databases using our `postgresql-16` images packaged in the deploy repos starting in version `5.10.0`. Learn more [here](/admin/postgres).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <Callout type="warning">If your database is still running Postgres 12, upgrade your database to Postgres 16 in this step. For our built-in databases offerings, this can be accomplished by starting the databases using our `postgresql-16` images packaged in the deploy repos starting in version `5.10.0`. Learn more [here](/admin/postgres).</Callout>
```
